lightning: update lightning example binary version and download link #5897 (#5262)
pingcap/docs: get-started-with-tidb-lightning.md

### Step 1: Deploy TiDB cluster

> Before the data import, you need to deploy a TiDB cluster. In this tutorial, TiDB v5.0.0 is used as an example. For the deployment method, refer to [TiDB Introduction](/overview.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before the data import, you need to deploy a TiDB cluster. In this tutorial, TiDB v5.0.0 is used as an example. For the deployment method, refer to [Deploy a TiDB Cluster Using TiUP](/production-deployment-using-tiup.md).
```

### Step 2: Download TiDB Lightning installation package

Download the TiDB Lightning installation package from the following link:

- **v5.0.0**: [tidb-toolkit-v5.0.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz](https://download.pingcap.org/tidb-toolkit-v5.0.0-linux-amd64.tar.gz)

> **Note:**
>

> > TiDB Lightning is compatible with TiDB clusters in lower versions. It is recommended that you download the latest stable version of the TiDB Lightning installation package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> TiDB Lightning is compatible with TiDB clusters of earlier versions. It is recommended that you download the latest stable version of the TiDB Lightning installation package.
```
